README.md, before:

# iOS - Swift Reference

This is a playground that I made based on the Apple Swift documentation and then I added some samples of general code like Notifications, JSON Serialization and REST Requests. This project requires XCode 7.

Feel free to take a look and if you want to add something, pull requests are welcome :)

## Contents

### Constants and Variables

 - Constants
 - Variables
 - Type Annotations
 - Emoji Names
 - Printing
 - Comments
 - Integer
 - Float
 - Double
 - Boolean
 - String
 - Tuples
 - Type aliases
 - Converting types

### Operators and Comparison

 - Assignment
 - Arithmetic
 - Increment and Decrement
 - Unary Minus
 - Compound Assignment
 - Binary Comparison
 - Logical NOT
 - Logical AND
 - Logical OR
 - Compound
 - Ternary Conditional
 - Switch
 - Switch With Interval Matching
 - Switch With Tuples
 - Switch Value Bindings
 - Switch Where
 - Switch Fallthrough
 - Checking API Availability

### Optionals

 - Declaration
 - Unwrapping
 - Can set nil
 - Testing
 - Optional Binding
 - Nil Coalescing

### Strings and Characters

 - String Literals
 - Empty String
 - Mutability and Concatenation
 - Interpolation
 - Characters
 - Counting Characters
 - Indices
 - Inserting and Removing
 - Comparing
 - Prefix and Suffix Equality
 - UTF-8, UTF-16 and Scalar Representation

### Arrays

 - Empty Array
 - Array with a Default Value
 - Adding Two Arrays Together
 - Array with an Array Literal
 - Array Count
 - Check if it is Empty
 - Modifying an Array
 - Iterating Over an Array
 - Sorting Arrays
 - Sorting Tuples/Objects

### Sets

 - Empty Set
 - Set with an Array Literal
 - Set Count
 - Check if it is Empty
 - Modifying a Set
 - Iterating Over a Set
 - Sorting Sets - Returns Array
 - Set Operations
 - Membership and Equality
 - Is Equal
 - Is Subset Of
 - Is Superset Of
 - Is Disjoint With - does not have any values in common

### Dictionaries

 - Empty Dictionary
 - Dictionary with a Dictionary Literal
 - Dictionary Count
 - Check if it is Empty
 - Modifying a Dictionary
 - Iterating Over a Dictionary
 - Get Dictionary List

### Loops

 - For-In - Closed Range
 - For-In - Half-Open Range
 - For-In - Don't need to declare index
 - For-In - Iterating Over an Array
 - For-In - Iterating Over a Dictionary
 - For
 - While
 - Repeat-While
 - Continue - go to the next index
 - Break - stop the loop or switch
 - Labeled Loop

### Functions

 - Defining and Calling Functions
 - Single Parameter
 - Multiple Parameters
 - Specifying External Parameter Names
 - Omitting External Parameter Names
 - Default Parameter Values
 - Variadic Parameters
 - Variable Parameters
 - In-Out Parameters
 - Return Values
 - Optional Return Value
 - Multiple Return Values - Tuple
 - Function Types
 - Function Types as Parameter Types
 - Function Types as Return Types
 - Nested Functions

### Closures

 - The Sort Method
 - Inferring Type From Context
 - Implicit Returns from Single-Expression Closures
 - Shorthand Argument Names
 - Operator Functions
 - Trailing Closures
 - Capturing Values
 - Closures Are Reference Types
 - Autoclosures
 - Escaping - Using variables from outside the closure

### Enumerations

 - Enumeration Syntax
 - Matching Enumeration Values with a Switch Statement
 - Associated Values
 - Raw Values
 - Implicitly Assigned Raw Values
 - Initializing from a Raw Value
 - Recursive Enumerations

### Structures

 - Definition Syntax
 - Structure Instances
 - Accessing Properties
 - Structures Are Value Types
 - Methods

### Classes

 - Classes Are Reference Types
 - Lazy Stored Properties
 - Computed Properties
 - Read-Only Computed Properties
 - Property Observers
 - Type Property
 - Singleton
 - Instance Methods
 - Local and External Parameter Names for Methods
 - Type Methods
 - Initialization
 - Deinitialization
 - Subscripts
 - Inheritance
 - Overriding Methods
 - Overriding Properties
 - Overriding Property Observers
 - Preventing Overrides
 - Optional Property Types
 - Weak References
 - Unowned References

### Error Handling

 - Representing Errors
 - Propagating Errors Using Throwing Functions
 - Handling Errors Using Do-Catch
 - Converting Errors to Optional Values
 - Disabling Error Propagation
 - Specifying Cleanup Actions

### Type Casting

 - Defining a Class Hierarchy for Type Casting
 - Checking Type
 - Downcasting
 - Type Casting for AnyObject
 - Type Casting for Any

### Nested Types

 - Nested Types in Action
 - Referring to Nested Types

### Extensions

 - Computed Properties
 - Initializers
 - Methods
 - Mutating Instance Methods
 - Subscripts
 - Nested Types

### Protocols

 - Property Requirements
 - Method Requirements
 - Initializer Requirements
 - Delegation
 - Adding Protocol Conformance with an Extension
 - Collections of Protocol Types
 - Protocol Inheritance
 - Class-Only Protocols
 - Protocol Composition
 - Checking for Protocol Conformance
 - Optional Protocol Requirements
 - Protocol Extensions
 - Adding Constraints to Protocol Extensions

### Generics

 - Generic Functions
 - Generic Types
 - Extending a Generic Type
 - Type Constraints
 - Associated Types
 - Extending an Existing Type to Specify an Associated Type
 - Where Clauses

### Access Control

 - Access Control Syntax
 - Custom Types
 - Enumeration Types
 - Subclassing
 - Constants, Variables, Properties, and Subscripts

### Advanced Operators

 - Bitwise NOT Operator
 - Bitwise AND Operator
 - Bitwise OR Operator
 - Bitwise XOR Operator
 - Bitwise Left and Right Shift Operators
 - Overflow Operators
 - Operator Functions
 - Prefix and Postfix Operators
 - Compound Assignment Operators
 - Equivalence Operators
 - Custom Operators
 - Precedence and Associativity for Custom Infix Operators

### Notification Center

 - Adding and Removing Observer for a Notification
 - Posting a Notification
 - Executing

### JSON Serialization

 - JSON Data
 - Serialization

### REST Request

 - Creating a Manager
 - Executing and Canceling

### Operations

 - Block Operation
 - Priority and Quality of Service
 - Custom Operation
 - Main and Current Queue
 - Operation Queue
 - Cancelling Operations
 - Dependencies

### Grand Central Dispatch

 - Global Concurrent Dispatch Queues
 - Getting Main Queue at Runtime
 - Creating Serial Dispatch Queues
 - Synchronous Task
 - Asynchronous Task
 - Barrier Synchronous Task
 - Barrier Asynchronous Task
 - Getting back to the main queue
 - Suspending and Resuming Queues
 - Dispatch at the specified time
 - Dispatch queue for multiple invocations
 - Dispatch once and only once for the lifetime of an application
 - Using Dispatch Semaphores to Regulate the Use of Finite Resources
 - Waiting on Groups of Queued Tasks

### Functional Programming

 - Filtering
 - Reducing
 - Mapping
 - FlatMap
 - Combining uses

### Timers

 - Scheduled Timer on the current NSRunLoop
 - Scheduled Timer With Repetition
 - Scheduling Timers Manually
 - Scheduling Timers Manually With Fire Date
 - Firing Timers Manually

Commit message:

added the new for-in-where loop

README.md, after:

# iOS - Swift Reference

This is a playground that I made based on the Apple Swift documentation and then I added some samples of general code like Notifications, JSON Serialization and REST Requests. This project requires XCode 7.

Feel free to take a look and if you want to add something, pull requests are welcome :)

## Contents

### Constants and Variables

 - Constants
 - Variables
 - Type Annotations
 - Emoji Names
 - Printing
 - Comments
 - Integer
 - Float
 - Double
 - Boolean
 - String
 - Tuples
 - Type aliases
 - Converting types

### Operators and Comparison

 - Assignment
 - Arithmetic
 - Increment and Decrement
 - Unary Minus
 - Compound Assignment
 - Binary Comparison
 - Logical NOT
 - Logical AND
 - Logical OR
 - Compound
 - Ternary Conditional
 - Switch
 - Switch With Interval Matching
 - Switch With Tuples
 - Switch Value Bindings
 - Switch Where
 - Switch Fallthrough
 - Checking API Availability

### Optionals

 - Declaration
 - Unwrapping
 - Can set nil
 - Testing
 - Optional Binding
 - Nil Coalescing

### Strings and Characters

 - String Literals
 - Empty String
 - Mutability and Concatenation
 - Interpolation
 - Characters
 - Counting Characters
 - Indices
 - Inserting and Removing
 - Comparing
 - Prefix and Suffix Equality
 - UTF-8, UTF-16 and Scalar Representation

### Arrays

 - Empty Array
 - Array with a Default Value
 - Adding Two Arrays Together
 - Array with an Array Literal
 - Array Count
 - Check if it is Empty
 - Modifying an Array
 - Iterating Over an Array
 - Sorting Arrays
 - Sorting Tuples/Objects

### Sets

 - Empty Set
 - Set with an Array Literal
 - Set Count
 - Check if it is Empty
 - Modifying a Set
 - Iterating Over a Set
 - Sorting Sets - Returns Array
 - Set Operations
 - Membership and Equality
 - Is Equal
 - Is Subset Of
 - Is Superset Of
 - Is Disjoint With - does not have any values in common

### Dictionaries

 - Empty Dictionary
 - Dictionary with a Dictionary Literal
 - Dictionary Count
 - Check if it is Empty
 - Modifying a Dictionary
 - Iterating Over a Dictionary
 - Get Dictionary List

### Loops

 - For-In - Closed Range
 - For-In - Half-Open Range
 - For-In - Don't need to declare index
 - For-In - Iterating Over an Array
 - For-In-Where - Iterating Over an Array where element meets condition
 - For-In - Iterating Over a Dictionary
 - For
 - While
 - Repeat-While
 - Continue - go to the next index
 - Break - stop the loop or switch
 - Labeled Loop

### Functions

 - Defining and Calling Functions
 - Single Parameter
 - Multiple Parameters
 - Specifying External Parameter Names
 - Omitting External Parameter Names
 - Default Parameter Values
 - Variadic Parameters
 - Variable Parameters
 - In-Out Parameters
 - Return Values
 - Optional Return Value
 - Multiple Return Values - Tuple
 - Function Types
 - Function Types as Parameter Types
 - Function Types as Return Types
 - Nested Functions

### Closures

 - The Sort Method
 - Inferring Type From Context
 - Implicit Returns from Single-Expression Closures
 - Shorthand Argument Names
 - Operator Functions
 - Trailing Closures
 - Capturing Values
 - Closures Are Reference Types
 - Autoclosures
 - Escaping - Using variables from outside the closure

### Enumerations

 - Enumeration Syntax
 - Matching Enumeration Values with a Switch Statement
 - Associated Values
 - Raw Values
 - Implicitly Assigned Raw Values
 - Initializing from a Raw Value
 - Recursive Enumerations

### Structures

 - Definition Syntax
 - Structure Instances
 - Accessing Properties
 - Structures Are Value Types
 - Methods

### Classes

 - Classes Are Reference Types
 - Lazy Stored Properties
 - Computed Properties
 - Read-Only Computed Properties
 - Property Observers
 - Type Property
 - Singleton
 - Instance Methods
 - Local and External Parameter Names for Methods
 - Type Methods
 - Initialization
 - Deinitialization
 - Subscripts
 - Inheritance
 - Overriding Methods
 - Overriding Properties
 - Overriding Property Observers
 - Preventing Overrides
 - Optional Property Types
 - Weak References
 - Unowned References

### Error Handling

 - Representing Errors
 - Propagating Errors Using Throwing Functions
 - Handling Errors Using Do-Catch
 - Converting Errors to Optional Values
 - Disabling Error Propagation
 - Specifying Cleanup Actions

### Type Casting

 - Defining a Class Hierarchy for Type Casting
 - Checking Type
 - Downcasting
 - Type Casting for AnyObject
 - Type Casting for Any

### Nested Types

 - Nested Types in Action
 - Referring to Nested Types

### Extensions

 - Computed Properties
 - Initializers
 - Methods
 - Mutating Instance Methods
 - Subscripts
 - Nested Types

### Protocols

 - Property Requirements
 - Method Requirements
 - Initializer Requirements
 - Delegation
 - Adding Protocol Conformance with an Extension
 - Collections of Protocol Types
 - Protocol Inheritance
 - Class-Only Protocols
 - Protocol Composition
 - Checking for Protocol Conformance
 - Optional Protocol Requirements
 - Protocol Extensions
 - Adding Constraints to Protocol Extensions

### Generics

 - Generic Functions
 - Generic Types
 - Extending a Generic Type
 - Type Constraints
 - Associated Types
 - Extending an Existing Type to Specify an Associated Type
 - Where Clauses

### Access Control

 - Access Control Syntax
 - Custom Types
 - Enumeration Types
 - Subclassing
 - Constants, Variables, Properties, and Subscripts

### Advanced Operators

 - Bitwise NOT Operator
 - Bitwise AND Operator
 - Bitwise OR Operator
 - Bitwise XOR Operator
 - Bitwise Left and Right Shift Operators
 - Overflow Operators
 - Operator Functions
 - Prefix and Postfix Operators
 - Compound Assignment Operators
 - Equivalence Operators
 - Custom Operators
 - Precedence and Associativity for Custom Infix Operators

### Notification Center

 - Adding and Removing Observer for a Notification
 - Posting a Notification
 - Executing

### JSON Serialization

 - JSON Data
 - Serialization

### REST Request

 - Creating a Manager
 - Executing and Canceling

### Operations

 - Block Operation
 - Priority and Quality of Service
 - Custom Operation
 - Main and Current Queue
 - Operation Queue
 - Cancelling Operations
 - Dependencies

### Grand Central Dispatch

 - Global Concurrent Dispatch Queues
 - Getting Main Queue at Runtime
 - Creating Serial Dispatch Queues
 - Synchronous Task
 - Asynchronous Task
 - Barrier Synchronous Task
 - Barrier Asynchronous Task
 - Getting back to the main queue
 - Suspending and Resuming Queues
 - Dispatch at the specified time
 - Dispatch queue for multiple invocations
 - Dispatch once and only once for the lifetime of an application
 - Using Dispatch Semaphores to Regulate the Use of Finite Resources
 - Waiting on Groups of Queued Tasks

### Functional Programming

 - Filtering
 - Reducing
 - Mapping
 - FlatMap
 - Combining uses

### Timers

 - Scheduled Timer on the current NSRunLoop
 - Scheduled Timer With Repetition
 - Scheduling Timers Manually
 - Scheduling Timers Manually With Fire Date
 - Firing Timers Manually
